[Music]
hi I'm Imogen from waffle TV and I'm
joined here by Katherine riot hi Imogen
hi yeah I'm so you're sure that she was
called nature's cam why's that
um I like the well really the reason why
my my best gay in Canada is called
Andrew Johnston not Johnson Johnston
he's very very very funny he produces
this all-female comedy show called bitch
salad and it's comedy for bitchy queens
by bitchy queens and it's like some gay
guys and some gay friendly guys and
girls and it's um it's it's a sharp edgy
amazing comedy night and he said when I
was asking my friends kind of what I
should call my show
he said ID card show nature's candy
because it's fruit nature's candy is
friend my my nature is kind of just like
sweet and gentle but I say some edgy
things as well and the show is about
taking the lemons that life gives you
and appreciating them rather than
turning them to lemonade so it's quite
positive show super positive show that's
great so that's your personality request
yeah to person
yeah where do you get your ideas from
for your dukes well I'm divorced in my
20s which I always say just makes me
that much more like Britney it's not a
bad thing for me so talk a lot about
that because I think there are things in
your life that can bring you down
divorce is probably a big one I'm a mom
and that can get really tough but
there's such beauty and such laughter
and comedy and good points in it too I
talk about relationships about being
Canadian and living in England some
stuff about bears some stuff bobbing
from small town some observations about
girls and boys and just relationships
really mm-hmm and then you've had five
you TV your parents as well how have you
got to where you are now I'm super lucky
I've done lots of TV this year and I
think we're really blessed to live in
the UK and Ireland and Scotland where
groundbreaking new comedy programmes are
being made all the time so all of us
have a greater opportunity to
participate and to write for TV and to
appear on the panel shows and to reach a
broader audience at broader audience
because you're all up for it as well so
really I just did my PR persons here now
um really yeah I think people see a
comedian and they think well I might
like to do that but it doesn't just
happen like yeah and I've been gigging
for five years it takes practice yeah
that I've been able to do TV so
so you think it worked better out for
you in the UK instead of Canada because
you're originally from kind of I'm from
Canada and a lot of Canadian comics
leave Canada lovely place comedies not
good over there now I'll be the first to
say it they leave like rats on a sinking
ship Bay and that's where I think it
could change one day but right now the
reality in Canada's the population is
spread out too much to really facilitate
enough good clubs what about America can
do in America they tour a lot and they
do good things but
you know the UK's better how long you'd
be living over here for five years all
right yeah so you really like her love
and love UK I'll never go back I'm a
British mom that's why I'm really a
British comic because I started comedy
in Canada but just barely just in a
couple games I wasn't really getting
paid I was doing presenting in Canada
and then when I moved to London is
really when I got into the comedy scene
so that's where all my influences on
yeah Steve not lost your accent since
you came to town now yeah you're never
gonna pick up an English or Scottish
accent no I don't think people pick it
up at this age yeah like this is your
accent I find myself asking questions
like this and maybe being a little more
British but there's no Madonna Gwyneth
Paltrow isn't happening with my accent
and here are your comedy heroes
I love Stewart Francis who's a Canadian
comedian living over here he's amazing
I like old-school guys like louis c.k
and Chris Rock
love milton-jones and
Sarah Millican is just amazing and done
a lot for women yeah right now I like a
lot of the comics who aren't making
legends but just like gig with I love
Sara Pascoe and Jessa Frost q and Lou
Sanders different people every week
really a gig with someone and be like I
saw this guy from Glasgow last night
that I loved I don't even know his name
so just like the style I just loved him
and then I think seems nope I'd be
guessing if I said Paul Chris or Paul or
Steve or James I don't know his name one
but he was from Glasgow and at the end
the audience was not really up for it
that's the trouble in memory shows
they're wonderful but sometimes you get
people who've just joke other white
audiences didn't want to be there and he
said right can't do the accent but I
will you've been absolute rubbish this
is the dujour um if lighters but I'd
like you not to take them don't come to
my show if you do go Chucky Oh like it
was amazing PR you're doing great PR
there and it made me when I go to his
show yeah because he could be selective
but his it's like I've got flyers
don't any of you take them kill
yourselves
good night oh it's great it's great wait
so your show hello
I loved the anti sell um what's the best
thing anyone's ever said about one of
your shoes
the best thing anyone's ever um okay
this is true huh people say really nice
things about my show sometimes most
people really don't like my show that's
fine
my mom always said if we all like the
same thing we'd all be married to your
father so it's really good that we're
different but the best thing anyone has
ever said about my show it's the London
esteem II that I was tiny and pretty Oh
sweeties not yes nothing about the
comedy but he said loads about the
comedy Oh and I was like I'm tiny and
pretty it's best thing anyone it's
always good dad oh thank you very much
for coming to speak to thank you yeah
so your show is going to be on till the
27th um but not 13th and at 3:15 p.m. at
the gilded balloon at 3rd or Reno keep
watching waffle TV
[Music]